#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    requirements/compile.py
#
--trusted-host pypi.python.org
--trusted-host pypi.org
--trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org

asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage==7.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==1.2.0
    # via django-app-helper
django==4.0.8
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-parler
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-versioning
django-app-helper==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms @ https://github.com/django-cms/django-cms/tarball/develop-4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-versioning
django-formtools==2.4
    # via django-cms
django-fsm==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-versioning
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sekizai==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django-treebeard==4.6.0
    # via django-cms
djangocms-admin-style==3.2.3
    # via django-cms
djangocms-versioning @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-versioning/tarball/master
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via django-app-helper
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
packaging==23.0
    # via django-cms
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
six==1.16.0
    # via django-app-helper
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via django
